NAS-101112: Update TrueNAS "View Enclosure" section (#1439)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

Click
:menuselection:`Storage --> Pools --> View Enclosure`

> to display a status summary of the connected disks and hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to display the status of connected disks and hardware.
```

   View Enclosure

Detected %brand% hardware is added to a column on the right side of the
screen. Click an enclosure to show details about that hardware.

The screen is divided into different tabs. These tabs reflect the
sensors that are active in the chosen hardware.

:guilabel:`Disks` shows a graphic representation of the %brand% hardware.
The disk slots in the graphic are color-coded to show disk status. Click
any disk slot to see specific details about the disk like the FreeBSD

> device name, serial number, and current drive settings. There is also an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
device name, serial number, and current drive settings. The
```

> :guilabel:`IDENTIFY DRIVE` button that flashes the identification LED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`IDENTIFY DRIVE` button flashes the identification LED
```
